So far we have created the data access
layer for our ticketing project in this
lecture we will create the services
layer or the business logic layer which
will use the ticketing BAO to do that
right click on the SRC main java say new
interface always go to interfaces ticket
DAO ticket service not the DAO and the
package will be
com.bharath.junit.spring.service instead of
DAO it will be serviced hit finish
in here will have one method which will
return an int it is the bite ticket
method it will take two parameters
string passenger name comma string phone
and that's it that's the only method in
this service to create the
implementation again right click on the
package say new class ticket service
impl click on the Add button search
for the ticket service interface we have
created select it click ok hit finish will
have the overwritten method
maximize this point the cursor to this
to do line hit ctrl d to delete it and
the first step here is to add a field
you can do it in different ways the
simplest is to just directly add it
ticket DAO DAO so we are going to use
the dao in the service in our business
logic layer hit control one import the
dao and in the buy ticket method it's
very simple dao dot create ticket
semicolon hit control one on this create
local variable ticket select that we got
the ticket is equal to new ticket this is
the dto we have created the ticket
ticket dot set
passenger name to this parameter to get
dot set phone to the phone parameter
that is passed to this method you can
simply take this entire line DAO dot
create ticket control x delete the semicolon
instead of returning zero we
can directly return that and we are all
set so our service simply takes two
parameters instantiates or it does not
instantiate the DAO so far we have only
declared that DAO at the field level
will be using spring in lectures later
on to inject this DAO dependency so to
follow encapsulation let's hit control
one on this dao and generate the Getter
setters hit ok and also this field is
private now.